Update documentation Microsoft SQL Server App according to changes in Helm Chart v3 (#1790)
SumoLogic/sumologic-documentation: docs/integrations/microsoft-azure/sql-server.md

<TabItem value="k8s">

> In Kubernetes environments, we use the Telegraf Operator, which is packaged with the Kubernetes collection ([learn more](/docs/send-data/collect-from-other-data-sources/collect-metrics-telegraf/telegraf-collection-architecture)). The diagram below illustrates how data is collected from SQL Server in Kubernetes environments. In the architecture shown below, there are four services that make up the metric collection pipeline: Telegraf, Telegraf Operator, Prometheus, and [Sumo Logic Distribution for OpenTelemetry Collector](https://github.com/SumoLogic/sumologic-otel-collector). <br/><img src={useBaseUrl('img/integrations/microsoft-azure/sqlk8s.png')} alt="sqlk8s.png" />

Author: Yes, it links the repository,  I think that at this moment we don't have better source with information about Sumo Logic Distribution for OpenTelemetry Collector

> In Kubernetes environments, we use the Telegraf Operator, which is packaged with the Kubernetes collection ([learn more](/docs/send-data/collect-from-other-data-sources/collect-metrics-telegraf/telegraf-collection-architecture)). The diagram below illustrates how data is collected from SQL Server in Kubernetes environments. In the architecture shown below, there are four services that make up the metric collection pipeline: Telegraf, Telegraf Operator, Prometheus, and [Sumo Logic Distribution for OpenTelemetry Collector](https://github.com/SumoLogic/sumologic-otel-collector). <br/><img src={useBaseUrl('img/integrations/microsoft-azure/sqlk8s.png')} alt="sqlk8s.png" />

Reviewer: https://help.sumologic.com/docs/send-data/sumo-distribution-opentelemetry/. We have a doc for this.

> In Kubernetes environments, we use the Telegraf Operator, which is packaged with the Kubernetes collection ([learn more](/docs/send-data/collect-from-other-data-sources/collect-metrics-telegraf/telegraf-collection-architecture)). The diagram below illustrates how data is collected from SQL Server in Kubernetes environments. In the architecture shown below, there are four services that make up the metric collection pipeline: Telegraf, Telegraf Operator, Prometheus, and [Sumo Logic Distribution for OpenTelemetry Collector](https://github.com/SumoLogic/sumologic-otel-collector). <br/><img src={useBaseUrl('img/integrations/microsoft-azure/sqlk8s.png')} alt="sqlk8s.png" />

Reviewer: ```suggestion
In Kubernetes environments, we use the Telegraf Operator, which is packaged with the Kubernetes collection ([learn more](/docs/send-data/collect-from-other-data-sources/collect-metrics-telegraf/telegraf-collection-architecture)). The diagram below illustrates how data is collected from SQL Server in Kubernetes environments. In the architecture shown below, there are four services that make up the metric collection pipeline: Telegraf, Telegraf Operator, Prometheus, and [Sumo Logic Distribution for OpenTelemetry Collector](docs/send-data/sumo-distribution-opentelemetry/). <br/><img src={useBaseUrl('img/integrations/microsoft-azure/sqlk8s.png')} alt="sqlk8s.png" />
```

> In Kubernetes environments, we use the Telegraf Operator, which is packaged with the Kubernetes collection ([learn more](/docs/send-data/collect-from-other-data-sources/collect-metrics-telegraf/telegraf-collection-architecture)). The diagram below illustrates how data is collected from SQL Server in Kubernetes environments. In the architecture shown below, there are four services that make up the metric collection pipeline: Telegraf, Telegraf Operator, Prometheus, and [Sumo Logic Distribution for OpenTelemetry Collector](https://github.com/SumoLogic/sumologic-otel-collector). <br/><img src={useBaseUrl('img/integrations/microsoft-azure/sqlk8s.png')} alt="sqlk8s.png" />

Reviewer: I have add this doc path `docs/send-data/sumo-distribution-opentelemetry/`

<TabItem value="k8s">

> In Kubernetes environments, we use the Telegraf Operator, which is packaged with the Kubernetes collection ([learn more](/docs/send-data/collect-from-other-data-sources/collect-metrics-telegraf/telegraf-collection-architecture)). The diagram below illustrates how data is collected from SQL Server in Kubernetes environments. In the architecture shown below, there are four services that make up the metric collection pipeline: Telegraf, Telegraf Operator, Prometheus, and [Sumo Logic Distribution for OpenTelemetry Collector](https://github.com/SumoLogic/sumologic-otel-collector).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
In Kubernetes environments, we use the Telegraf Operator, which is packaged with the Kubernetes collection ([learn more](/docs/send-data/collect-from-other-data-sources/collect-metrics-telegraf/telegraf-collection-architecture)). The diagram below illustrates how data is collected from SQL Server in Kubernetes environments. In the architecture shown below, there are four services that make up the metric collection pipeline: Telegraf, Telegraf Operator, Prometheus, and [Sumo Logic Distribution for OpenTelemetry Collector](/docs/send-data/sumo-distribution-opentelemetry/).
```

> In Kubernetes environments, we use the Telegraf Operator, which is packaged with the Kubernetes collection ([learn more](/docs/send-data/collect-from-other-data-sources/collect-metrics-telegraf/telegraf-collection-architecture)). The diagram below illustrates how data is collected from SQL Server in Kubernetes environments. In the architecture shown below, there are four services that make up the metric collection pipeline: Telegraf, Telegraf Operator, Prometheus, and [Sumo Logic Distribution for OpenTelemetry Collector](https://github.com/SumoLogic/sumologic-otel-collector).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
In Kubernetes environments, we use the Telegraf Operator, which is packaged with the Kubernetes collection ([learn more](/docs/send-data/collect-from-other-data-sources/collect-metrics-telegraf/telegraf-collection-architecture)). The diagram below illustrates how data is collected from SQL Server in Kubernetes environments. In the architecture shown below, there are four services that make up the metric collection pipeline: Telegraf, Telegraf Operator, Prometheus, and [Sumo Logic Distribution for OpenTelemetry Collector](https://github.com/SumoLogic/sumologic-otel-collector). <br/><img src={useBaseUrl('img/integrations/microsoft-azure/sqlk8s.png')} alt="sqlk8s.png" />
```

Author: changed

> <br/><img src={useBaseUrl('img/integrations/microsoft-azure/sqlk8s.png')} alt="sqlk8s.png" />

Reviewer: ```suggestion
```

Author: changed

> The first service in the pipeline is Telegraf. Telegraf collects metrics from SQL Server. Note that we’re running Telegraf in each pod we want to collect metrics from as a sidecar deployment: i.e. Telegraf runs in the same pod as the containers it monitors. Telegraf uses the [SQL Server input plugin](https://github.com/influxdata/telegraf/tree/master/plugins/inputs/sqlserver) to obtain metrics. For simplicity, the diagram doesn’t show the input plugins.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The first service in the pipeline is Telegraf. Telegraf collects metrics from SQL Server. Note that we are running Telegraf as a sidecar deployment in each pod from which we want to collect metrics. This means that Telegraf is running in the same pod as the containers it monitors. Telegraf uses the [SQL Server input plugin](https://github.com/influxdata/telegraf/tree/master/plugins/inputs/sqlserver) to obtain metrics. For simplicity, the diagram doesn’t show the input plugins.
```

Author: changed
